welcome to this edition of Robyn
Robbie's repair shop today we're going
to be replacing the tail light on the
2004 Dodge Ram first gather your parts
replacement bulb 30:57 you'll need star
drives undo the two bolts to take house
particular application it'll be a number
20 star bit
tail light comes loose and then you just
need to pop out the quick connects and
the tail light comes free from the
fender so next you'll do under your
Quick Connect
actually if you don't need you don't
even really need to do that all you need
to do is undo these four Phillips head
screws once you have the screws out
simply remove the bulbs just going to
figure out which is the bad bulb huh
alright move the bulb from its housing
like so get your replacement bulb
snaps into place
test them first
yes and you're done you can fit this
back in here tighten the screws up and
replace the fixture to have your screws
you replaced you're going to fit put the
fit the tail light back into the fender
just to quick-connect attachments just
push it straight into place and then on
the interior replace your Philips your
star drive screws
washers already on and that's it you're
done no more cop bait thanks for tuning
in to this episode of Rob on Robbie's
repair shop see you next time